"Warriors, Treaty of the Warrior, is not warrior that defeated others with anger and jealous
and hated thought and greedy. That is not the release. This warrior is destroying the
root of the anger, the root of greedy, root of the jealous. That is what this warrior is.
Therefore, this warrior-ship nature is hiding for us, all of us. We have that nature. But
ours are covered by the many turbulence of the negative energy, negative forces of the
emotions such as estimation, jealous and hated thoughts, anger, greed and all that. And the
Gesar is one destroying all those roots and then anger and the jealous and bring up the
true warrior-ship, true brilliance, which is courage, commitment and confidence, joy.
The hidden gauntlet, that is what really Gesar is bringing up that gauntlet. Therefore, Gesar
is very, very special. He got a golden history when Gesar was king. Gesar came in Tibet,
a golden teaching came in Tibet around the end of the 9th century and in the 11th century
around that time. And who was Gesar? Gesar was, or Gesar is, is the emanation of the
direct emanation of the Murapem Masambhava and then as well as emanations of the Manjushri,
Vajrapani and Avalokrisha. Sure. So, therefore, Gesar is the embodiment of the Murapem Masambhava
and all these three principal Buddhas. Buddha of the body, enlightenment aspect of the Manjushri.
Here is Avalokrishwara and the Vajrapana. Vajrapani all combined as one target, came as Gesar.
Where Gesar came? According to the history, Gesar came in East Tibet, now known as in
the global areas. And there, very famous holy mountain known as Ani Matipong. Close by there,
he came. How he came? He actually, according to the history and as well as instructions
of the great master Moharaju's teaching, that he came as, in a way, a very miraculous way.
And his mother was the daughter of the Nagas who came to this world, world as to bring
talk of this super human beings, emanations, Gesar came. And in the kind of Wharton level,
who was his father? His father was known as Yatsung. But it is also in the teachings that
as many of those great beings, as when you look at the history, the father and the mother
all, that's quite mysterious that we know. And every country has that. And similarly,
at this time, according to the human level, his father was single. But, Manipupa, again
in the teachings said, his father was divine gods. Among there's many gods in Buddhism,
you know that. And the gods such as Brahmins, so forth. And so now, who is he? He is, as
he said, he is emanation of the direct emanation of the Mgurupa and Masambhav, and as well
as Kiryasak, Manjushri and Vayagapani. These three principles of Buddhism, these three,
Manjushri, Kiryasak or the Avalokiteshora and Vayagapani, those are known as three Buddhas
or three Bodhisattvas. They are totally enlightened beings, but yet they act as Bodhisattvas.
But according to the enlightened level, they are the three principles of the aspect of
the Bodhi speech, mind of all the Buddhas. So Bodhi aspect of all the Buddhas appeared
such beautiful, youthful, handsome, the gorgeous looking Manjushri. This is what Manjushri
is, so beautiful, so handsome. Even the gods cannot match with him. The gods, according
to the considering the most beautiful beings on the planet or on the universe, so beautiful.
But when Manjushri came with God, it came out of their beauty, and Manjushri is so beautiful,
so beautiful, so bright, because he represents the enlightenment body of all the Buddhas.
Then the speech of the old Buddhas came as one single state of great compassion of the
Buddha, the Jairusai. Jairusai's voice is so beautiful, so soothing, so calming. Therefore,
for example, we wake up like the Jairusai and join the mantras of the Jairusai, such as
Om Mani Pe Me Home, to the animals and to anyone. It really comes down. I feel that too.
I had that kind of like, kind of, I myself witnessed that. When I joined, sometimes mantras
with the squirrels and the cheap moments, they don't pose their own way. But then when
I started joining Om Mani Pe Me Home, they really pass, they stop, they become curious
and come back Om Mani and look into you, and you join the mantras. It's true, really.
Jim Mongs, they are really naughty too, but Jim Mongs and, what's it called, the squirrel.
And as far as groundhouse tools. And we had that also taught one time.
We were walking in his own Dunyuruddhi Center, upstate, that avenue there is called Osidhi,
a beautiful center of his own Dunyuruddhi. He blessed that place. He stayed there.
And one time we were walking on the route of the Osidhi-riti land, Kilmulhi myself.
And one of our Sangha members there, we were all walking.
And we saw that total, total, total. This Sangha member picked up that total.
And he completed that total, completed the drone of his whole head and legs and everything
in sight and shell. Kilmulhi started joining the mantras, mostly Om Mani Pe Me.
And the moment he started joining the mantra, really total came out of all his shells
on the head of that person. He came out of that.
When he stopped the mantra, again when he joined in the mantra, again.
So I really thought, Kilmulhi said true, true. This is what really the blessings were.
Because these words are not words of the anger or the arrogance.
The support in all of them. It is words of love, kindness and compassion.
Calming, soothing, encouraging, encouraging, uplifting.
Therefore Buddha often said in the teaching, join the mantras to the others
when the animals are dying or when you see this, this is it.
Definitely it has, it has really effect that I can't really experience that.
So in a way the Jainese symbolize the speech of the old Buddha.
And then what is?
The Vajrapani represents all the power, the versatile mind,
the mind of the old Buddha's power, the ability that which the symbolizes.
Therefore Vajrapani always holds the Vajra in his head.
That's what is also known as Vajrapani.
One who holds the Vajra in his head.
That Vajra and Vajrapani symbolize the power and the abilities of the old Buddha's.
Power and the ability of the old Buddha is power of love, compassion, truth and harmony, peace.
That is what represents.
And that all three, that three of these enlightened beings come together as one sign of form.
Together with Gurba and Masambhava known as Kesa.
Kesa, so therefore Kesa is known as emanation of the Gurba and Masambhava
and then these three Buddhas.
And why he came?
In the teachings said Gurba and Masambhava saw, Gurba and Masambhava in the as well as all the Budd
has.
But particularly in Gurba and Masambhava saw,
all those negative forces are almost kind of like overcasted.
The earth, earth and then the kind of virtues and truth is completely dimmed out.
To glorify the truth and virtues and dispel the overcaste of the negative forces.
Then Gurba and Masambhava ignited or emanated power.
Power, power as Kesa, triggered with these three Buddhas.
And that is the purpose of the Kesa is to destroy or to clear away the overcaste of the negative
forces
and bring up the virtues and the goodness solid of the human beings, the human spirit.
That's what the reading principle purpose of the Kesa emanates.
So now when Kesa was born in the Kyalawal talk,
later bring under the history, the breathing that drops.
And many of you have heard this already, many Kesa.
There are so many Kesa stories, Kesa stories, Kesa stories.
Somebody wrote books and then I saw the article,
Kesa story is much, the biggest, biggest what?
What?
Epic, is it it?
Epic.
Epic, biggest epic, biggest play, play books in the world.
Really is it.
And of course according to India, Mahabharata is very big.
Mahabharata is very big.
And also Ramayana is very big.
But that's it.
The Kesa, the epic or Kesa that play story is so biggest in the world.
There are so many volumes even before.
Like when I remember all the kind which always talks,
there is over 30 books, Kesa stories.
In 18 parties or before.
And afterward there are so many stories.
There are like so many books.
Now it's coming, Kesa, books are about Kesa, over 100 books.
When Kesa story tells, when they tell the story,
it's also so fascinating.
Really it's like so fascinating.
It's just spontaneous and who talks.
They are not sometimes educated.
Educated or went to academics.
Or they are not just kind of only reserved such as male or males,
females, males, chimes.
And so many people speak, start speaking about the Kesa.
And spontaneous, when they speak about the Kesa teachings,
talks about the Kesa is so beautiful.
It's so beautiful lyrics, so beautiful structures.
Boils, sentences, it's all in the colloquial levels.
It's easy to understand.
One nature of this story tells,
tells the courage, commitment, loyalty, peace, truth,
and honesty, and defeat the negative forces,
and re-strengthen our one's own identity.
The gauntlet, gauntlet of nature.
That is the most, and how to be friendly,
how to be good, how to be nice,
how to stand on the family behind what you say,
what you say, and stay with that.
It's all the good things, what we all think.
It really tells all those stories.
It's so beautiful.
But anyway, now I talk a little bit really about Kesa.
So now, mother is a daughter of the Nagakim,
and known as Goji Lam.
And then, this area of the gessa is called,
area is called length.
L-I-N-D, length area.
It's ruled by almost the kind of way,
in a way, democratic, but the chips comes up.
It's not just always stays, it kind of comes up,
the rules, there is not struggling,
fighting is inside going on,
how to rule the country of length,
or that area of length.
But yet, there is always some struggle,
powerful, that areas.
There is one book in the teachings,
the book tells, in the future,
there is one, the woman will come,
which is not really human woman, lady,
and she will give the birth of one boy,
and that strange boy, this boy will
control that land of length,
and not just that, but he will control
all of the areas and beyond.
Always have that pretentious.
And according to that time,
when gessa was protecting the birth,
at that time, who is controlling the length,
that land of length?
It's controlled by his uncle,
the father's brother.
Father's brother is known as totum.
Totum is always so tricky,
so tricky and so smart,
but also very timid.
And the teaching said, and the story said,
totum's mother purposely gave him,
to man him timidly, timidly,
she made him timidly,
because her whole children,
those boys become so courageous,
and they fought, fought, all died on the,
died out, they died.
And he don't want totum to die that way,
and make him very timidly.
So in the story said,
she made effort to give totum,
when he's a baby or boy,
the nine times heart of pox.
Heart of pox, nine times.
And according to it,
pox are, I think, in this country too.
But pox are very tricky, smart,
and also timidly, timidly.
So totum become like that.
He's smart, he's timidly,
and also very tricky.
He has quite foxy nature.
But however he knows, he renders the prediction,
prediction that strange woman,
they all thought he is that strange woman
or the non-unhuman woman, woman.
And if he give the baby, baby,
strange boy, the young one, the last one,
and will become the ruled country
and become the leader in all these things.
So he's always cautious
when this goji thumb was pregnant, particularly.
He gave three, I mean,
actually three times, babies, boys, sons,
but really cautious with any others.
But this one is very,
when Gesar is pregnant and very cautious,
that in trying to prevent always what he couldn't do.
It's like volcano.
Volcano, are we trying to stop?
We can't stop.
It will come up.
No matter what you are doing,
for a short time maybe you can do, but it is.
Now the volcano of the caesare is constructed
in the warmth of the goji thumb.
And then she gave the baby birth.
And he was born with very beautiful miracles, all that.
But when the moment he was born,
again his uncle came,
trying to take away and trying to destroy,
but couldn't destroy at all.
Anyway, there's so many stories, one after another.
But anyway, when Gesar is about four or five years old,
he becomes so naughty.
So naughty.
His baby, little boy,
but he just become, couldn't handle, handled by the old areas.
Area includes all of himself.
He's so tricky, he just, in a way, very mischievous.
Mischievous and tricky, powerful and couldn't handle.
They all thought, now we have to exile.
Have to put in exile, exile, right?
Exile, the choro, and mother, choro and mother.
Also, his mother and him started quite poor.
Poor, so he don't have exile, really father.
Father, and even though he has human father,
that we are not exactly staying chogade.
Chogade, so mother and his little boy, they have to exile.
And all said that his brother, the elder brother,
the quesad, elder brother is very powerful.
He's called Jatsa.
And very powerful, very vigorous, and very courageous.
Jatsa, when they say, when he courageous,
if he get angry, if he get angry,
he can destroy whole, whole things.
He's so kind of, it's like drunk elephants.
But he's also so gentle and so peaceful.
When he's not angry.
And so everybody is very cautious with his elder brother.
But Vicky is not really with his, they're staying chogade.
He's also in the different places, in a way, in the 80s.
And his brother don't want to kick him completely out.
Because he said, no matter whatever he do,
he is still the proper of life.
He is proper of life.
He belongs to the 80.
But as well as there's another very famous man,
known as Chikung.
Chikung is like village elder.
Everybody listens to him.
He knows everything.
Everything.
And he is also, in a way, cheap justice.
Cheap justice.
Everybody comes and listens.
If he decide, he's honest, true, and fair,
and he don't really swing back and forth.
He just stays in the middle.
So if he decide, then that's it.
So Chikung also told, I don't think we can kick him completely out.
Because he also belongs with our 80s,
he truly comes from laying down.
We can't kick out.
So therefore, we have to give some edge of the place,
small edge, land, and let him stay his mother and stay there.
So then they all kind of come together, and what he have?
He had to give him one horse, all horse,
and one cow, in a way, or pimal yaks,
and one goat, one goat, pimal goat,
and one small yak, a tent,
and then they put in exile.
And not out of the completely land of length, but in the edge of the legs.
So then mother and they stay there.